th two founders...(Angelique and Brad )
customers feeding back excess into the grid....
AU’s pool of trusted subbies are instrumental in growing the business--what are the subbies??--sub contractors...
CFO, Josh Fraser..---CFO?


the pair (both founders) sometimes overrides the
decisions of their Board, design engineers and business managers and are known to give
instructions that benefit so called “prestige” clients....

The samples are tested for quality and tolerance
before eTricity AU’s Chief Engineer, Felix South, personally selects each supplier...

While this business process seems to work,
maintaining the information trail, of important documents, sub-contractors, contracts,
suppliers, customers, orders, invoices, and receipts is placing a significant administrative
burden the "two data entry clerks" overseeing the system. ...

To support local business, a
Wonthaggi based software-company was hired to build eTricity RecShareOne, almost 8
years ago, but the company no longer exists.....

AU’s IT department to develop “patches, extensions and
workarounds” just to keep RecShareOne running....

dependent on a churning roster of Database Administrators and programmers
to keep all systems operating..

Jock Jordan was appointed to the role of Chief Data Officer
in 2020 following a DDOS attack on eTricity AU’s customer facing web servers over
Christmas 2019 that resulted in a 4.5-hour outage and heightened security concerns
around eTricity AU’s weakest points; however, Jock is not a security expert and his brief,
covering new data analytics, gives him little time for legacy systems....., Jock is constantly having to undertake
additional work and activate new scripts for processing the information received through
the ‘partner portal’ just so it can be included in the enterprise system.....

eTricity AU does have an Information Systems Manager, Alain Monte Perrie, he has little direct
authority, as he reports to the CFO, and -in any case - is preparing for retirement.....

the Accounts reconciliation
officer responsible for banking, Sally Brent, exports and converts invoicing data daily, to
CSV format, so that she can create the Excel spreadsheets she uses to reconcile accounts
and complete banking from ledgers on her own desktop....+ignores IT guy "Jock

		---should have focused on it guy and keep company stuff in company devices, not her own

The problems with
RecShareONe have been flagged with the Board of Directors, but they are somewhat
ignorant about enterprise systems and see the problem principally as an “IT issue.”
Without an Information Systems Manager reporting directly to the Board they remain
unaware of any broader implications, issues, or opportunities in this space....


nce of the reporting system for
customers has remained a core activity of the business. For customers the data warehouse
promises faster real-time processing of their accounts and reports for electricity use
including a dynamic reporting interface that allows customers to undertake detailed
analysis of household appliances energy consumption and the AI-based statistical
analysis and forecasting of future use; they can now monitor and send information about
electricity use to multiple devices and social media accounts, including Facebook and
Twitter.....

developed eTricStorage to allows customers to act on real
time information in new ways (e.g., home usage patterns, stored power level, consumer
trends and energy prices) to mix and optimise their cost....

the Board has flagged this system as the
inevitable replacement for the original eTric inverter and monitoring platform and, as
such, the security of this new solar energy and customer information platform, is integral
to the company’s future....

As the company’s
Human Resource manager, she (rebecca adams) is responsible for making sure everyone gets paid on time
and no longer satisfied with RecShareOne, she has commenced looking at cloud
technology and Software as a Service (SaaS) to support the HR function


Workday, a US based SaaS provider ... + offshoring HR data...

Ultimately, rebecca's intention is to seek funding from the
CFO for the purchase of a SaaS based Human Resource Management solution....
---


Rebecca has found an ally in the Customer Service Manager for eTricity AU, "Theresa Alvantez". When Theresa became aware of the HR manager’s intention to adopt SaaS for
HR, she too started to think about getting approval from the CFO to adopt Salesforce.com’s
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system


Theresa is reluctant to go through any consultative process with the Information Systems Manager,
Alain Monte Perrie, whom she regards as a “IT control freak” without any power with the
Board – Governance of customer data she feels, is her concern and not ITs. When it comes
to the strategic direction of eTricity AU, Alain is concerned that the IT function is being
disregarded, but will retire soon....


transactional data from partners including manufacturers,
suppliers, distributors, installers.....

the company is
owned by "a close and trusted friend" of Alain Monte Perrie and although it is a relatively
new company, so far it has made good on its promise to provide an "excellent and reliable
service to secure all corporate data and information" and "provide cost effective solutions
to corporate data backup and restoration"......

Recently, employees who have been with the company for its first 10
years, including its Chief Engineer have left and a lot of corporate know-how has departed
with them.....

Nobody is sure why Felix South chose the suppliers that he did, but a recent
review suggests that it may not have been based solely on a competitive tender process....

departing employees seem jaded following the pressures of the past few years....

the number of viruses detected
in email attachments scanned by the IT department and IT recently identified a targeted
phishing attack designed to convince finance personnel to release account details to an
unknown party.....

****
ask him to show all the steps for retoring old version and removing password from router (those 14 steps using real equipment3)

****

mark to point ratio?
way to apprach question?



founder--done

sally--done 
rebecca--- done

Alain ---done


senior management and iT department--according to peltier?
operational---hr--cheif data officer---

alein--cfo-ceo--board

board of directors---> main responsible for info?

founder--cheif engineer--cheif resource manager--cheif data officer

owner
board of director
CFO
CDO
HRM
CSM
ISM-info system
chief engineer
account reconsiliation officer
IT department
design enginner
business manager
subbies
customer---?

people undermining people(eg owner over powering the board of directors)

recshare
data analytics
CRM system
HR system
dvanced monitoring system

asset---threat---vulnerability
account info---data breach----she is doing it in personal pc
recshare data---degradation, natural disaster-- she stored it offline in safe
recshare (supplier, customer)-- external attack, internal corruption, fraud, human error ---maintenance

full comapny data--- data loss, data breach,   ---third party storage
enterprise system--- data breach, netwokr threat---subbies has direct access
enterprise system--- corruption---subbies has full access

recshare--not the data being sold?

whitmann------people, system, business process, procedure, record, data,

(record----transmission, process, storage) 


for cla2, can we use table?--yes
(note probably 20 different roles and responibilities or asset vulnerability and threat analysis is possible. keep it in mind for the big assesment)

